Hello everyone, lidar murtazin
Today we will talk about the new phone from
companies virtu aster abandoned
name despite the fact that it is
continuation of constellation touch
the name there is heard here no longer
featured
the device is very similar to the latest model
companies but different skin is different
different price and completely different
positioning note that
ideological design these products
very similar if you look at the product
this is how it is decorated here
ceramic insert it is very small
where the front camera is the same
big screen and same high hd
permissions
but changed what was
previous machine previous machine
to open a sim card it was necessary
turn the screw and fold back
fold fold the sim card tray and
where we could find the title of master
which made this device manually
collected could set the card
robust design but not
always and not everyone liked it
done like this on a more relative
simple machine
made latch that opens
as follows vector z
is justified because
it is done well the name of the master we see
here on a metal plate
good enough dust laying
made to keep it all
13 megapixel camera from sony
LED flash this design
it's just the design of the original
details laser engraved leather has
very good texture and pay
attention that will initially be available
several colors seven colors
they differ as per degree of dressing
and at cost a-star cost
starts with 4 thousand 900 euros and goes
higher in Russia, respectively, is 241
thousand rubles and 319 thousand rubles for
some
colors which will be more expensive
for example, there is an ostrich skin of 319 thousand
pink or chocolate
very very good for those who do not
there were never phones vertu can say
next thing
leather dressing on previous models she
was softer
here more practical tighter then
you can use it completely
unbroken if you take black
well or dark color as in this device
he is soft pleasant to the touch but at the same time
he is not overwritten ie
real life of course you need to understand that
if you have this color
Of course the likelihood that he will
overwrite exists but pay
attention that essentially he is
metallic it is titanium grade 5 grade and
I am the only surface
where abrasion may occur butts
there are covers that you can
buy and in general, here's the problem
no ruby ​​branded key triggers
concierge
and the concierge is here in contrast to
older model for half a year classic
a concierge who does not have a personal
manager but not everyone needs it also
there are a number of preinstalled
programs one of the interesting features
half a year you can use you in them
all over the world completely free
it is enough to register from others
moments that I would like to note on
today is this model
it is built on the latest version
android 4 4
there is no change compared
with the previous model with the exception of two
things bang and but larse is not
partner for vertu in this
models but at the same time hasselblad
certified this camera will need to be
watch her
the graph says that he takes pictures
better than previous models conjured
over algorithms
from other things that I want to point out
there are naturally no cards here
memory as always
12 gigabytes you can spend for
your applications of this more than
enough 43 and a half gigabytes for
music of anything that is and that 64
gigabytes of total space here if
talk about
the chipset is with it dragon 2 and a half
quad gigahertz enough
fast battery has not changed by
compared with the previous device that is
it's a day of work if you are very active
use your phone for half a day but
can I buy accordingly
like how the widget plays when you
start moving the machine you see
the brink starts to play as if the sun
on it if you need charging
There are many options to charge from
phones wireless charging is built into
him
that is, you do not need as in others
bulk phones to buy something
Immediately just put on the wireless
charging proprietary charging coming soon
for sale
You can not charge on the corporate micro
yusbi ordinary connector music debts for
music here as was so present
there are no changes there is essentially the most
the main thing is the positioning of this
apparatus in all communications company
vertu will speak and position
This machine on the girls on the weaker sex
Well, firstly it was always strong
vertu trait
many girls used them especially
if we remember the lineup of scenes and it was
it is such a relatively inexpensive
the most affordable vertu for women aster
It is such an inexpensive device available
the device here I say the word inexpensive
maybe
the most accessible in the lineup vertu and on
Laksheri market is the most affordable in luxury
market apparatus for the weaker sex while
of course it's all prejudice at some
least
but see for yourself and the orange phone and
black phone is quite suitable for men
if for some reason and i like
but the design of this device
just stand the same force can be said about
that this device fits in equal
degrees to both men and women
of course men prefer it more
degree well and finally I want to say that
it all grew from this ordinary
small button phone by
whom we once called him by the way on
my opinion is still their colleagues CURRENT
design retained and perceived goal on
like a very very interesting apparatus on
This is a complete overview, we will have a little
stay tuned later visit
site subscribe to good luck channel
mood yet